= Captain's Phase in Puerto Rico

A kata for the captain's phase in the board game Puerto Rico.

== Spec.

* There are n ships, with i,j,k... spaces for barrels of goods.

* There are m players, with x,y,z... number of barrels of goods of different types.

* The goods are: indigo, corn, tobacco, sugar, coffee.

* A ship can only be loaded if there is space on the ship - 1 space
  for 1 barrel.

* Each ship can only have one type of goods on it.

* In a round:

  - Players load ships one type of good at a time, in turn, until no
    more players can load goods.

  - Players may choose which type of goods they load, and which ship
    they load, but must load as many barrels as they can onto their
    chosen ship. Players must load goods if they can load goods.

  - Players get 1 Victory Point for each good loaded

  - At the end of the round, players discard all but 1 of their goods
    barrels that aren't on a ship.

  - At the end of the round, any full ships are emptied.

* Players may have buildings, which have the following effects:

  - If a player has a harbour, they get 1 extra victory point each time
    they load a ship

  - If a player has a wharf, they have their own private ship to load
    goods on to once. Victory points are scored as normal. No other
    player may load on this ship, and this ship has no maximum number
    of barrels that may be loaded.

  - If a player has a small warehouse, they may retain as much of one
    type of material after loading as they like

  - If a player has a large warehouse, they may retain as much of two
    types of material after loading as they like

* Players may have multiple buildings, including multiples of the same
  type of building.